---
desc: 'zyBook Chapter 1'
assigned: 2022-09-26 14:00
due: 2022-09-30 14:00
num: h01
ready: true
layout: default
---

By the due date ({{ page.due | date: "%a %m %d %Y at %H:%M"}}), please:
* Subscribe to the online course textbook (zyBook, instrucitons below)
* Complete Chapter 1, including completing, or at least attempting all of the participation and challenge activities. 
* Create your CoE Account (needed for lab computers in Phelps and computers in CSIL)

If you find that you are stuck on any of the labs in Chapter 1, please bring your questions about those to the first lecture after the due date.

You will be given one additional week to complete whatever you are stuck on, but don't procrastinate; there will be additional assignments.  Do your best to keep up and not fall behind.

# Subscribing to the zyBook

* Sign in or create an account at learn.zybooks.com
* Enter zyBook code `UCSBCMPSC16MirzaFall2022` and Subscribe
* A subscription is $77. Students may begin subscribing on Sep 05, 2022 and the cutoff to subscribe is Dec 02, 2022. Subscriptions will last until Dec 24, 2022. 
* You may download the contents on the book as pdf to use beyond this date. 
* The book also covers material for CS24 and CS130A and is used as the standard textbook for CS24. Subsequent subscriptions of the same book (for example for CS24) will be at a 50% discount (so that would be $39).

# Creating your CoE Account

The discussion sections take place in Phelps 3525.

* For now, if you are bringing your own computer to discussion section, you won't necessarily need a CoE Account.
* But if you are using the lab provided computers, you'll need a CoE account to access these (otherwise you won't get past the password prompt)
* And, eventually, everyone in the course will be required to have and use a CoE account to complete some course assignments.


You can create an account online at <https://accounts.engr.ucsb.edu/create>

If you are enrolled in any CoE course this quarter (including this one), you should be able to create your account immediately.

If you find that you cannot:
* Ask a staff member for help (in person during lab or office hours, or on Piazza)
* The ECI Help Desk can be reached at help@engineering.ucsb.edu.
